Adding @sharable and @override to the federation spec (#1680)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/federation-spec.md

### `@shareable`

```graphql
directive @shareable on FIELD_DEFINITION | OBJECT
```

The `@shareable` directive denotes that a field may be resolved by multiple subgraphs. Queries to a shareable field may potentially resolve to any subgraph which resolves the field. In order to successfully compose, a field must have the same shareability mode (either shareable or non-shareable) across all subgraphs.

Any field specified by a @key is automatically shareable. Adding the `@shareable` directive to an object is equivalent to marking each field on the object `@shareable`.

```graphql
type Product @key(fields: "upc") {
  upc: UPC!                         # shareable because upc is a key field
  name: String                      # non-shareable
  description: String @shareable    # shareable
}

type User @key(fields: "email") @shareable {
  email: String                    # shareable because User is marked shareable
  name: String                     # shareable because User is marked shareable
}
```

### `@override`

```graphql
directive @override(from: String!) on FIELD_DEFINITION
```

> The `@override` directive is used to annotate that the field in the current subgraph is taking responsibility for providing the value of the field away from the subgraph specified in the `from` argument. The following example will result in all query plans made to resolve `User.name` to be directed to `SubgraphB`.

Reviewer: I tweaked the first sentence and would suggest separating these two sentences, like so:
```suggestion
The `@override` directive is used to indicate that the current subgraph is taking responsibility for resolving the marked field _away_ from the subgraph specified in the `from` argument. 

The following example will result in all query plans made to resolve `User.name` to be directed to SubgraphB.
```
